So what we'll do is we will merge all these layers
then we will select our bubble window and copy it and we'll come back into our background document and
we'll paste it.
And we want to make sure that we're piecing it underneath our shadow layer for our cavern not that layer
sorry this layer right there.
So you want to make sure you're underneath that layer because you want the shadow to also be cast on
our bubble Windows since they're inside the cabin.
So go ahead and paste and it will resize
and we'll just start sticking these guys around in archiver
.
Awesome
Now
that we've placed all of our bubble windows we need to create some shadows for them and the way we'll
do that is by first merging all of our bubble windows together into one layer.
So find our first bubble was right there.
Hold down shift and select all of those layers merge them and now we will select all of our shapes on
that layer then create a new layer and bring it underneath our window layer.
Now using a dark blue color.
Let's go a little bit darker almost black.
We'll fill those shapes in.
And then using the Graben moved tool will nudge those down
like so.
And then we want to turn down the opacity
right about there is good.
You just created your bubble windows for your cavern.
Your background should really be looking cool at this point.
Hope you're excited.
Now let's go ahead and move on to the next part of the course